Really Mr. Xu
Tingting, how do you feel?
I feel so hot, thirsty, and uncomfortable
Like a fire in my chest
Please help me take a look
You are poisoned
Is a strong aphrodisiac poison
that
What should I do? Don't worry.
Although this poison is special
But it's not without medicine
So I'll help you to bed to rest first
Hey
sign
Dare to be unreasonable to the lady
I didn't mean to
This housekeeper is confused
Good for me
Come
Help the lady back to her room to rest
Butler Shen, please go out first
Miss go to sleep
Mr. Xu is his own, don't worry too much
Miss Shen
Take off your clothes
I'm going to try the needle for you.
I don't have the strength right now
Why don't you take it off for me?